Calibration - copyedits (#191)
mlsa-book/MLSA: book/P1C4_survival.qmd

It is usually estimated for all unique event times.
In this book, $\KMS$ specifically refers to the Kaplan-Meier estimator fit on some training data.

> The variance of the Kaplan-Meier estimator is commonly estimated with the consistent Greenwood estimator [@Greenwood1926]:

Author: ```suggestion
The variance of the Kaplan-Meier estimator is commonly estimated using the asymptotically consistent Greenwood estimator [@Greenwood1926]:
```
